{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Step 0: What\'92s This All About?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
DFU nonce collision downgrade is a downgrade method that doesn\'92t need a jailbreak or already set generator to restore your device. You can restore from any firmware you want as long as latest SEP and baseband are compatible with destination firmware.\
\

\f0\b\fs36 Step 1: Requirements
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
1) You need to have a 4K device. 
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
   This includes: \
   -> iPhone 5s/6/6+ \
   -> iPad Air 1\
   -> iPad Mini 2/3\
   -> iPod touch 6\
\
\
2) Your blobs should be saved with colliding apnonces. If you don\'92t want to save every blob for every apnonce manually, check nudaoaddu for A7 by Dora and A8/A8x update by me.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Step 2: Creating Downgrade Folder\
\

\fs24 1) Create a folder on your Mac and name it whatever you want. I\'92ll name it as \'91downgrade\'92 in this example.\

\f1\b0 2)
\f0\b  Put the destination ipsw file to the folder.\
3) Put the shsh blob(s) that has colliding apnonces for your device to the downgrade folder.\
4) Put the latest futurerestore by s0uthwest to the downgrade folder.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b\fs36 Step 3: Preparing Futurerestore  
\fs24 \
\
\
1) Launch terminal\
2) cd to your downgrade folder\
3) Write this command (if you\'92re on Mac): ./futurerestore -t [your blob here] --latest-sep --latest-baseband [ipsw file here]\
\
\

\fs36 Step 4: Preparing The Device\
\

\fs24 The shsh blob you saved earlier has a custom apnonce and it needs to match the device\'92s apnonce to start restoring. Let\'92s match them then!\
\
1) Put your device in DFU mode\
2) Run igetnonce (download here: ) to see which apnonce your device has generated\
3) If you got the nonce you need, you can proceed over to step 5, otherwise keep putting your device to DFU Mode over and over again until you get the announce your blob has.\
\

\fs36 \
Step 5: Restoring The Device\
\

\fs24 Nice! You got your device\'92s apnonce match with blob\'92s apnonce. But still, there is a problem.\
\
Futurerestore can only restore devices that are on Recovery or normal mode. But nonce collision only exist in DFU Mode! So, how do we start the restore process?\
\
You can sign iBSS and iBEC and upload it to your device using irecovery and *hopefully* it will jump into recovery mode. Well, this has never worked for me. So we found a workaround. We call this \'91static nonce method\'92.\
\
To do this you\'92ll need latest signing ipsw from apple and iTunes.\
\
1) Keep your device connected in DFU mode with the desired apnonce and launch iTunes.\
2) Click \'91restore device\'92 in iTunes with alt-option key.\
3) Select the latest ipsw that you have downloaded earlier (don\'92t worry we won\'92t restore to it)\
4) Start the restore process in iTunes. When it says \'91waiting for device\'92, wait for the backlight to turn on on your device and then plug the usb cable out of the Mac, close iTunes and plug the cable back again.\
\
YOU\'92RE NOW IN RECOVERY MODE AND YOUR DESIRED APNONCE REMAINS THE SAME!\
\

\fs36 Step 6: Starting Futurerestore\
\

\fs24 Return back to the terminal window that you prepared in STEP 3 and press enter. Restore will start and your device will be downgraded to the destination firmware!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}